docs: add frontmatter changeset (#5304)
apollographql/router: .changesets/docs_maria_frontmatter_update.md

> ### Update docs frontmatter for consistency and discoverability
> 
> Makes title casing consistent. Updates page subtitles and meta descriptions for better discoverability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Update docs frontmatter for consistency and discoverability ([PR #5164](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5164))

In router documentation, page titles are edited to have title casing, and page subtitles and meta descriptions are updated for better discoverability.
```
